**Cisco Learning Management System and Cisco Learning Network Store**  
**Terms of Use and End User License Agreement**

PLEASE READ THIS CISCO LEARNING MANAGEMENT SYSTEM AND CISCO LEARNING NETWORK
STORE TERMS OF USE AND END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (the  "Agreement")
CAREFULLY.

BY PRESSING "I AGREE" YOU ARE BINDING YOURSELF AND THE BUSINESS ENTITY THAT
YOU REPRESENT (COLLECTIVELY, "YOU" OR "USER") TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH CISCO
SYSTEMS, INC ("WE" or "CISCO"). CISCO IS WILLING TO LICENSE SOFTWARE TO YOU
ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OR ANY PART OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT
PRESS "I AGREE" OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE CISCO LEARNING MANAGEMENT SYSTEM AND
CISCO LEARNING NETWORK STORE WEBSITES OR WEB PAGES, OR DOWNLOAD OF USE ANY
SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE.

**1\. Background.** The Cisco Learning Management System web site, Cisco
Learning Network Store web site and/or web pages sponsored by Cisco Inc.
(collectively the "Site") is/are developed by or for Cisco. The Site enables
Users to purchase and use a variety of products ("Products") and services
("Services"), including but not limited to the following:

  * Self assessment tools;
  * Instructor led courses;
  * Whitepapers and other documents with digital rights management ("DRM") or without DRM;
  * Mentoring services;
  * Web-based classes with interactive information or status information;
  * Lab services;
  * Instruction Materials

In connection with the Products and Services, you may be tasked with
participating in training activities such as lectures, online self-studies and
hands-on labs, and may be asked to take one or more preliminary practical
assessments tests (each a "Test"). Each Test is intended to measure your skill
level and proficiency in using and supporting Cisco products.

**2\. Privacy.** Use of the Site, Products and Services is also subject to our
Privacy Statement, located at
[http://www.cisco.com/web/siteassets/legal/privacy.html](http://cisco.com/web/siteassets/legal/privacy.html)
which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Additionally, you
understand and agree that Cisco may contact you via e-mail or otherwise with
administrative information relevant to your use of the Site, Products or
Services. You also agree to have your name and/or email address listed in the
header of certain communications you initiate through the Site, Products and
Services.

**2.1. Children 's privacy.**Cisco does not knowingly collect Personal
Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have
collected Personal Information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete
that data from our systems. Cisco encourages parents and guardians to go
online with their children. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online
experience safer:

  * Teach children never to give Personal Information (such as name, address, phone number, school, etc.) unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult.
  * Know the sites your children are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
  * Look for website privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.

Please visit the FTC's website for more tips on protecting children's privacy
online.

**3\. Eligibility.** You affirm that you are 14 years of age or older. The
Site and the Services are not available to minors under the age of 14 or to
any users suspended or removed from the system by Cisco for any reason. Your
access may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are underage.
You represent (i) you are at least 14 years of age; (ii) you have read and
accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (iii) your parent or legal
guardian has consented to you using, accessing and/or participating in the
Site and Services and to providing your personal information for your Account;
and (iv) your parent or legal guardian has read and understands this
Agreement.

**4\. Copyright.**

**a. _Ownership._**

All content included in the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, images, video
clips, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software (
"collectively Content"), is the property of Cisco or its content suppliers and
is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The
compilation of all Content on this site is the exclusive property of Cisco and
protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this
site is the property of Cisco or its software suppliers and protected by
United States and international copyright laws.

**b. _License to Access and Use Site._**

Cisco hereby grants you a limited, revocable, nonsublicensable license to
reproduce and display the Cisco Content (excluding any software code, which is
subject to the End User License terms set out below in Section 12) solely for
your personal use to view the Site and otherwise as necessary to use the
Products and Services. With the exception of authorized Cisco Learning
Partners, this license does not grant any User the right to resell any
Product, Service or content available on this Site. In addition this license
does not permit the commercial use of the Site; any derivative use of this
Site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for
the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar
data gathering and extraction tools. This Site or any portion of this Site may
not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise
exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Cisco.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark,
logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout,
or form) of Cisco without express written consent. You may not use any meta
tags or any other  "hidden text" utilizing CiscoÂ´s business name or trademarks
without Cisco's express written consent. Any unauthorized use terminates the
permission or license granted to you by Cisco. Except as set forth above,
nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as conferring by
implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any trade
secret, patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property right of
Cisco or any third party. All licenses not expressly granted by Cisco are
reserved.

**5\. Trademarks.** The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks")
displayed on the Site are the property of Cisco or other third parties. You
acknowledge and agree that you have no rights, title, or interest in or to the
Marks and that you will not adopt, use, or attempt to register the Marks or
any confusingly similar mark. Users receive no license to and are not
permitted to use these Marks. Please see a list of Cisco Trademarks at
<http://cisco.com/web/siteassets/legal/trademark.html>.

**6\. Rules and Regulations.** This Agreement sets forth the legally binding
terms for the Site, Products and Services. This Agreement covers all of your
visits to the Site and any use of the Products and/or Services. If you stop
visiting the Site or stop using the Products or Services, this Agreement
remains in effect.

**a. _Amendments._** Cisco may elect to change or supplement the terms of this
Agreement from time to time at its sole discretion. Cisco will exercise
commercially reasonable efforts to provide notice to you of any material
changes to the Agreement. Within three (3) business days of posting changes to
the Agreement, they will be binding upon you. If you do not agree with the
changes, you should discontinue using the Site or any Services. If you
continue using the Site or Services after such three-business-day period, you
will have accepted the changes to the terms of this Agreement.

**b. _Other Terms._** In order to use certain Products or participate in
certain Services, you may be notified that you are required to download
software and/or agree to additional terms and conditions. Unless expressly set
forth otherwise in such additional terms and conditions, those additional
terms are hereby incorporated into this Agreement.

**c. _Laws and Reporting._** You may not use the Site, Products or Services in
any manner inconsistent with applicable law or for any illegal purpose,
including but not limited to conspiring to violate laws or regulations.
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you also agree to comply with
applicable local rules or codes of conduct (including codes imposed by your
employer) regarding online behavior. Use of the Site, Products and Services is
void where prohibited.

**d. _Product Reviews._** Cisco wants to provide customers the opportunity to
share their experiences about products on the Cisco Learning Network store.
All reviews are voluntary and Cisco does not provide any compensation or
incentives for leaving reviews. Visitors may provide feedback or complete
surveys on the store, or leave comments about reviews. Only customers who have
actually purchased products on the Cisco Learning Network store may submit
reviews about these products, provided that the content is not illegal,
infringing, obscene, threatening, defamatory, injurious to a third party, or
are otherwise falsified or wholly unrelated to the product. Comments may not
contain software viruses, solicit commercially or include any form of spam.
You may not use a phony e-mail address, impersonate another person or entity
or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the review. Cisco reserves the right
(but not the obligation) to remove content deemed in violation of these
policies or otherwise pursuant to a third party claim or a court or regulatory
order. It is your responsibility to check the policies before posting comments
as they are subject to change from time to time without specific notice to
you.

**e. _Returns and Guarantees_**

**Returns:** When you request a refund for an item you have purchased before
delivery has been completed or accepted, it is generally considered a return.  
In the case of an electronically downloaded product or online application,
this is a request for a refund prior to you receiving or accessing the
product. For scheduled offers, like classes, you will not have taken the
class, and you must meet drop policy conditions. In the case of a physical
product, you may not have received the item or the item may have arrived in a
damaged condition. In these cases, please contact [customer service
](https://learningnetworkstore.cisco.com/market/prod/contacts.se.work?TRGT=6)as
soon as possible.  
The drop policy for scheduled classes require that reschedules or refunds are
only granted if you contact customer service and request to be dropped prior
to 14 days before the class begins. If you request to be dropped at 14 days or
less before class beginning, we cannot refund your money, but may offer you an
alternative class date and location, if available.  
To return an unused item or service, we require that your make your request to
us by contacting [customer service
](https://learningnetworkstore.cisco.com/market/prod/contacts.se.work?TRGT=6)within
30 days of purchase. We will refund your money once we have validated that you
have not accessed your product, or that you meet the class drop policies, or
once we have received your return shipment to us. You may be responsible for
return shipping charges.  
If you have decided that you have purchased the wrong product or the wrong
quantity, do not use your product, and contact [customer service
](https://learningnetworkstore.cisco.com/market/prod/contacts.se.work?TRGT=6)immediately.
Returns completed within the same business day may be considered a cancelled
sale rather than a return.  
We will make the best effort to refund your money in the same method and to
the same account you used to pay for your purchase, and refund processing
usually begins within 48 hours (United States Pacific Time) of your request.
The one exception is United States wire transfers. If you paid using wire
transfer from a U.S. bank, we will attempt to refund your money via check to
the billing address and contact provided within the order. If you wish to
receive a return wire transfer instead, you must request that at the time of
your refund request. Note that wire transfer funds are non-refundable from
both your bank and ours, and therefore, you will be responsible for both
sending and receiving fees a second time, and we will deduct our fees (US $30)
from your refund.  
If you are an international customer that paid by wire transfer requesting a
refund, by default, we will return your funds to you via wire transfer, with
the US $30 transfer fee deducted from your refund. If you would prefer to
receive a check for your refund, please request a check when you make your
request for refund, and we will send it to the billing address and contact
information that you provided in the order.

**Guarantees:** If you request a refund after downloading files, accessing an
application, taking a class or receiving and using a physical product, this is
generally considered a request for a guarantee refund.  
The Cisco Learning Network Store team would like you to have the best possible
experience with the products and services you buy. While each product or
service may have its own specific return and guarantee policies, the store
generally does not grant refunds on products that have already been used.  
If you have a problem with your product or service, we recommend you contact
us so that we can help resolve the issue  
For questions or concerns, please contact our customer service team.

**7\. Cisco.com (CCO) User Name and Password.** In order to use the Site,
Products and Services, you may need to obtain a CCO ID at
[www.cisco.com](http://www.cisco.com/). During the CCO registration process,
you will be asked to select a screen name ("CCO ID") and password. You will
use this CCO ID and/or password to access and make purchases through the Site.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
password. You agree not to use the CCO ID or password of another User at any
time or to disclose your password to any third party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if you are provided an option to purchase Products or Services on
behalf of an employee or contractor providing us with the CCO ID of the
persons on whose behalf the purchase is being made such that we can process
the order will not be considered a violation of this Section 7. You agree to
notify Cisco immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account
or access to your password. You are fully responsible for all activities
conducted through or under your login information (username and/or password).

**8\. Subscription Periods; Access to Services.**

**a.** Certain Products and Services are offered on a subscription basis. The
subscription period for any Product or Service will be set out in the Product
or Service listing on the Site ("Subscription Period"). The fee paid entitles
you to access the Product or Service for the Subscription Period. Your access
to the Product or Service will terminate at the end of the Subscription Period
regardless of whether you have accessed the Product or Service. Access to
certain Services, such as lab time or mentoring services, may be subject to
use of an online scheduling system and may be limited during peak volume
times, at Cisco's sole discretion.

**b.** Your subscription purchase may include enrollment in the Auto Renew
Service, which allows you to maintain your product subscription and keep track
of your progress. By enrolling in the Auto Renew Service, you authorize both
Cisco and Medius, which is the order and fulfillment vendor for the Cisco
Learning Network Store, to automatically charge the then-current renewal
subscription fee to your credit card with no action by you before the end of
your product subscription term. You may cancel the Auto Renew Service by going
to the "Renewals" page, where you will find the details of your subscription,
and setting Auto Renew to "OFF". You will receive an email acknowledgement of
your cancellation of this service.

**9\. Your Records.** Cisco may keep records of the results of your use of the
Services and your performance in any Tests (collectively "Records"), and will
use and disclose such Records as described below:

**a. _Group Performance Reports_.** If your employer or the company for which
you work purchased Services on behalf of a group of employees or contractors
of which you are part, then we may use information from your Records in
aggregate form to generate reports of how the group as a whole is performing.
Cisco will not be responsible or liable to you for any actions by your
employer or any other third party arising as a result of any such disclosure.

**b. _Mentors_.** If you are participating in a Service through which you are
assigned a Cisco Learning Network ("CLN") Partner mentor ("Mentor"), your
Mentor will be provided with your name and the contact information provided to
us when you signed up (or your employer/entity for whom you worked signed you
up) for the Service. In addition, in order to provide you with effective
guidance and feedback your Mentor shall have the same access to your Records
as you.

**10\. Mentoring Services.**

**a. _Cisco Learning Network Partners_.** The Services offered through the
Site include mentoring services offered through one or more of our Cisco
Learning Network Partners. You acknowledge and agree that the Cisco Learning
Network Partners and individual Mentors are our vendors and are Cisco's
independent contractors, and no other relationship exists as between Cisco and
the Cisco Learning Network Partners and/or individual Mentors, including a
legal partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, employer/employee,
fiduciary, master/servant relationship, or other special relationship.

**b. _Interaction with Mentors_.** The mentoring services are professional
services intended to provide you with an additional layer of support in
navigating and using the Site, Products and Services. Use common sense when
interacting with your Mentor. Interactions should be professional. Any
additional contact information or personal information that you choose to
provide directly to your Mentor is your responsibility.

**11\. Disclaimer Regarding Self-Assessment Tools.** From time to time we may
make available to you certain software tools ("Tools") for download and/or use
on the Site. These Tools are intended to provide general guidance in
evaluating a variety of information such as performing self-assessments of
your skill and knowledge concerning the use of Cisco products. The Tools are
not intended to provide business, legal, accounting, tax or other professional
advice. The Tools are not intended as a substitute for your own judgment or
for that of your own professional advisors. Use of the Tools may not be error-
free. While Cisco, our licensors or suppliers have attempted to include useful
data, assumptions and formulae in the Tool, Cisco, our licensors or suppliers
are not responsible for any results from using or misusing the Tool.

**12\. End User License Terms.** Among other Products available for purchase
through the Site are software products ("Software") and Products or Services
including Software as a component. The following terms govern your access and
use of the Software, except to the extent (a) there is a separate signed
agreement between you and Cisco governing your use of the Software or (b) the
Software includes a separate "click-accept" license agreement as part of the
installation and/or download process. To the extent of a conflict between the
provisions of the foregoing documents, the order of precedence shall be (1)
the signed agreement, (2) the click-accept agreement, and (3) this Agreement.

Conditioned upon compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Cisco grants to the end user of the Software a nonexclusive, nontransferable
and revocable license to use for your internal business purposes the Software
and the Documentation for which you have paid the required license fees, or
such license fees as have been paid on your behalf. "Documentation" means
written information (whether contained in user or technical manuals, training
materials, specifications or otherwise) specifically pertaining to the
Software and made available by Cisco with the Software in any manner
(including on CD-ROM, or on-line).

Your license to use the Software shall be limited to, and you shall not use
the Software in excess of, a single hardware chassis or card or that number of
agent(s), concurrent users, sessions, IP addresses, port(s), seat(s),
server(s) or site(s), as set forth in the applicable Purchase Order which has
been accepted by Cisco and for which you have paid to Cisco the required
license fee, or such license fees as have been paid on your behalf.

Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Documentation, you shall use the
Software solely as embedded in, for execution on, or (where the applicable
Documentation permits installation on non-Cisco equipment) for communication
with Cisco equipment owned or leased by you and used for your internal
business purposes.

**_License Only._** This is a license and not a transfer of title to the
Software and Documentation, and Cisco or the licensor to Cisco retains
ownership of all copies of the Software and Documentation. You acknowledge
that the Software and Documentation contain trade secrets of Cisco, its
suppliers or licensors, including but not limited to the specific internal
design and structure of individual programs and associated interface
information. Accordingly, except as otherwise expressly provided under this
Agreement, you shall have no right, and you specifically agree not to:

**a.  **transfer, assign or sublicense your license rights to any other person
or entity, or use the Software on unauthorized or secondhand Cisco equipment,
and you acknowledge that any attempted transfer, assignment, sublicense or use
shall be void;

**b.  **make error corrections to or otherwise modify or adapt the Software or
create derivative works based upon the Software, or permit third parties to do
the same;

**c.  **reverse engineer or decompile, decrypt, disassemble or otherwise
reduce the Software to human-readable form, except to the extent otherwise
expressly permitted under applicable law notwithstanding this restriction;

**d.  **use or permit the Software to be used to perform services for third
parties, whether on a service bureau or time sharing basis or otherwise,
without the express written authorization of Cisco; OR

**e.  **disclose, provide, or otherwise make available trade secrets contained
within the Software and Documentation in any form to any third party without
the prior written consent of Cisco. You agree that you shall implement
reasonable security measures to protect such trade secrets.

To the extent required by law, and at your written request, Cisco shall
provide you with the interface information needed to achieve interoperability
between the Software and another independently created program, on payment of
Cisco's applicable fee, if any. You shall observe strict obligations of
confidentiality with respect to such information and shall use such
information in compliance with any applicable terms and conditions upon which
Cisco makes such information available.

**_Software, Upgrades and Additional Copies_** **.** For purposes of this
Agreement, "Software" shall include (and the terms and conditions of this
Agreement shall apply to) computer programs, including firmware, as provided
to you by Cisco, and any upgrades, updates, bug fixes or modified versions
thereto (collectively, "Upgrades") or backup copies of the Software licensed
or provided to you by Cisco. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS
AGREEMENT: (1)YOU HAVE NO LICENSE OR RIGHT TO USE ANY ADDITIONAL COPIES OR
UPGRADES UNLESS YOU, AT THE TIME OF ACQUIRING SUCH COPY OR UPGRADE, ALREADY
HOLD A VALID LICENSE TO THE ORIGINAL SOFTWARE AND HAVE PAID THE APPLICABLE FEE
FOR THE UPGRADE OR ADDITIONAL COPIES; (2) USE OF UPGRADES IS LIMITED TO CISCO
EQUIPMENT FOR WHICH YOU ARE THE ORIGINAL END USER PURCHASER OR LESSEE OR WHO
OTHERWISE HOLDS A VALID LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE WHICH IS BEING UPGRADED;
AND (3) THE MAKING AND USE OF ADDITIONAL COPIES IS LIMITED TO NECESSARY BACKUP
PURPOSES ONLY.

**_Proprietary Notices_** **.** You agree to maintain and reproduce all
copyright and other proprietary notices on all copies, in any form, of the
Software in the same form and manner that such copyright and other proprietary
notices are included on the Software. Except as expressly authorized in this
Agreement, you shall not make any copies or duplicates of any Software without
the prior written permission of Cisco.

**_Records Audit_** **.** You grant to Cisco and its independent accountants
the right to examine your books, records and accounts during your normal
business hours to verify compliance with this Agreement. In the event such
audit discloses non-compliance with this Agreement, you shall promptly pay to
Cisco the appropriate license fees, plus the reasonable cost of conducting the
audit.

**_Export_** **.** Software and Documentation, including technical data, may
be subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export
Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to
export or import regulations in other countries. Customer agrees to comply
strictly with all such regulations and acknowledges that it has the
responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export, or import Software and
Documentation. Cisco reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate
action against anyone who, in Cisco's sole discretion, is suspected of
violating this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law
enforcement authorities.

**_U.S.Government End User Purchasers_** **.** The Software and Documentation
qualify as "commercial items", as that term is defined at Federal Acquisition
Regulation ("FAR") (48 C.F.R.) 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are
used in FAR 12.212. Consistent with FAR 12.212 and DoD FAR Supp. 227.7202-1
through 227.7202-4, and notwithstanding any other FAR or other contractual
clause to the contrary in any agreement into which this Agreement may be
incorporated, you may provide to Government end user or, if this Agreement is
direct, Government end user will acquire, the Software and Documentation with
only those rights set forth in this Agreement. Use of either the Software or
Documentation or both constitutes agreement by the Government that the
Software and Documentation are "commercial computer software" and "commercial
computer software documentation," and constitutes acceptance of the rights and
restrictions herein

**13\. Limited Warranty for Software.** Subject to the limitations and
conditions set forth herein, Cisco warrants that commencing from the date of
shipment to you and continuing for a period of ninety (90) days: (a) the media
on which the Software is furnished will be free of defects in materials and
workmanship under normal use; and (b) the Software substantially conforms to
the Documentation. Except for the foregoing, the Software is provided AS IS.
This limited warranty extends only to the original licensee. Your sole and
exclusive remedy and the entire liability of Cisco and its suppliers and
licensors under this limited warranty will be (i) replacement of defective
media and/or (ii) at Cisco's option, repair, replacement, or refund of the
purchase price of the Software, in both cases subject to the condition that
any error or defect constituting a breach of this limited warranty is reported
to Cisco or the party supplying the Software to you, if different than Cisco,
within the warranty period. Cisco or the party supplying the Software to you
may, at its option, require return or destruction of the Software as a
condition to the remedy. In no event does Cisco warrant that the Software is
error free or that you will be able to operate the Software without problems
or interruptions. In addition, due to the continual development of new
techniques for intruding upon and attacking networks, Cisco does not warrant
that the Software or any equipment, system or network on which the Software is
used will be free of vulnerability to intrusion or attack. For more
information refer to the CLN Store policy and FAQ.

**a. _Restrictions._** This warranty does not apply if the Software or any
other equipment upon which the Software is authorized to be used (a) has been
altered, except by Cisco or its authorized representative, (b) has not been
installed, operated, repaired, or maintained in accordance with instructions
supplied by Cisco, (c) has been subjected to abnormal physical or electrical
stress, misuse, negligence, or accident; or (d) is licensed, for beta,
evaluation, testing or demonstration purposes for which Cisco does not charge
a purchase price or license fee.

**14.** DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THIS WARRANTY, ALL
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-
INTERFERENCE, ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF
DEALING, LAW, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE EXTENT
ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED BY CISCO, ITS SUPPLIERS
AND LICENSORS. TO THE EXTENT AN IMPLIED WARRANTY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, SUCH
WARRANTY IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE EXPRESS WARRANTY PERIOD. BECAUSE SOME
STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED
WARRANTY LASTS, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY. THIS WARRANTY GIVES
CUSTOMER SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND CUSTOMER MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH
VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. This disclaimer and exclusion shall
apply even if the express warranty set forth above fails of its essential
purpose.

**15\. General Terms Applicable to the Limited Warranty Statement and End User
License.**

_Disclaimer of Liabilities_. REGARDLESS WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN
FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT WILL CISCO OR ITS
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT, OR LOST OR DAMAGED DATA,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF CAPITAL, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS
OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY OR WHETHER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY
TO USE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF CISCO OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event shall Cisco
's or its supplier's or licensor's liability to you, whether in contract, tort
(including negligence), breach of warranty, or otherwise, exceed the price
paid by you for the Software that gave rise to the claim or if the Software is
part of another Product, the price paid for such other Product. BECAUSE SOME
STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

You agree that the limitations of liability and disclaimers set forth herein
will apply regardless of whether you have accepted the Software or any other
Product or Service delivered by Cisco. Customer acknowledges and agrees that
Cisco has set its prices and entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the
disclaimers of warranty and the limitations of liability set forth herein,
that the same reflect an allocation of risk between the parties (including the
risk that a contract remedy may fail of its essential purpose and cause
consequential loss), and that the same form an essential basis of the bargain
between the parties.

**16\. DMCA Notice.** Cisco respects the intellectual property rights of
others. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed by any Content
on the Site, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following
information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (ii) a description of
the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of
where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services;
(iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a written
statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is
not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) a statement
by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your
notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act
on the copyright owner's behalf. Cisco's Copyright Agent for notice of claims
of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: Office of the General
Counsel, Cisco Systems, Inc., 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, CA 95134; Attn:
Copyright Agent; and email: [DMCAagent@cisco.com](mailto:DMCAagent@cisco.com).
In the event your content is removed pursuant to this process, you will
receive information on how to file a Counter-Notice. **Note:** Notices and
Counter-Notices are legal notices distinct from regular Site activities or
communications. As such, they are not subject to Cisco 's Privacy Policy. This
means Cisco may publish or share them with third parties at our discretion,
and Cisco may produce them pursuant to a legal discovery request.

**17\. Additional Disclaimers.**

**a. _Third Party Content_.** The Site may contain links to other websites as
well as third-party advertising. Cisco is not responsible for any content,
messages or information on such websites or advertising. Such websites and
advertising are in no way investigated, monitored or checked by Cisco unless
actively sold through the CLN Store. Inclusion of any linked websites and
third-party advertising does not imply approval or endorsement by Cisco of the
linked websites, products, services or related advertising. When you access
third-party websites through links, banner ads or otherwise you do so at your
own risk. When leaving the Site, please read the website terms and the privacy
policy applicable to such website to ensure you understand and agree with the
terms applicable to that website.

**b. _Technical Errors_.** Cisco is not responsible for any problems or
technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online
systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any
email due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on
any of the Services or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to
Users or to any person's computer related to or resulting from using the Site
or the Services.

**c. _Product and Service Descriptions_.** Cisco attempts to be as accurate as
possible in the product and service descriptions provided at the Site.
However, Cisco does not warrant that product or service descriptions or other
content of the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
If a product or service offered by Cisco itself is not as described, your sole
remedy is to remove the downloaded Software and Documentation from your system
and/or cancel your subscription (as applicable) and contact Cisco. Cisco may
provide a refund or store credit, on a full or pro-rated basis, in its sole
discretion. For further information refer to the [CLN Store policies and FAQ
page](https://learningnetworkstore.cisco.com/market/prod/storePolicies.se.work).

**d. _" AS IS"_.**TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER LAW, CISCO SHALL
HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SITE
OR THE SERVICES. THE SITE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS
AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND CISCO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
CISCO CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF
THE SITE OR THE SERVICES. USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

**18\. Indemnity.** You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Cisco, its
subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners
and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including
reasonable attorneys? fees, arising out of or related to: (i) your use of the
Services or the Site; or (ii) your breach of this Agreement.

**19\. Limitation on Liability.** EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT
SHALL CISCO BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFIT DAMAGES,
COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICES, EVEN IF CISCO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY
CONTAINED HEREIN, CISCO'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE(S) WHATSOEVER AND
REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO ONE
THOUSAND DOLLARS (USD $1,000.00). THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS CUMULATIVE
AND NOT PER INCIDENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN
WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN KINDS OF
DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

**20\. Disputes.** If there is any dispute about or in any way involving the
Site, Products or the Services, you agree that the dispute shall be governed
by the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to conflict of law
provisions, without reference to or application of choice of law rules or
principles. The United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods
shall not apply. You agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the
state and federal courts of the United States located in or for the State of
California, City of San Jose.

**21\. Term and Termination.** This Agreement and the license granted herein
shall remain effective until terminated. You may terminate the license at any
time by destroying all copies of Software and any Documentation. Your rights
under this Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from Cisco if
you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Upon termination of
this Agreement, you shall destroy all copies of Software and Documentation in
your possession or control. All of your confidentiality obligations to Cisco
and all limitations of liability and disclaimers and restrictions of warranty
shall survive termination of this Agreement. In addition, the provisions of
the sub-sections titled "U.S. Government End User Purchasers" and "General
Terms Applicable to the Limited Warranty Statement and End User License" shall
survive termination of this Agreement.

**22\. General.** This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you
and Cisco regarding the use of the Products, Services and the Site. The
failure of Cisco to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this
Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The
section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or
contractual effect. This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible
by law. If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable,
that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This Agreement has
been written in the English language, and the parties agree that the English
version will govern. The parties are independent contractors under this
Agreement and no other relationship is intended, including a partnership,
franchise, joint venture, agency, employer/employee, fiduciary, master/servant
relationship, or other special relationship. Neither party shall act in a
manner which expresses or implies a relationship other than that of
independent contractor, nor bind the other party.

I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE

  
  

